hello guys and today and then we've
given you an unboxing of my new philips
monitor which is as you can see right
here so it's the box it comes in
basically we'll just go through some of
the box first full 1080p HD white LED HD
my very slim design got some smart
contrast settings compatible with
Windows 7 and by Philips so we're going
to get into into the monitor and I'm not
quite sure the exact name of the monitor
it will be in the title so don't worry
about if you just look above your and
the stand so right let's get into
unboxing ok begging after better with me
some of these cameras will be weird but
anyway we're gonna start out in the top
first time I've opened it since
receiving it I ordered this from a
company called eBay and their website is
hereby com probably one the cheapest
place often you can get it and I ordered
it Sunday and I just got it today Monday
which is really good delivery service
for when the best I've come across right
it's gonna be a little bit hard to get
into
I can see shred away this a few little
manuals Quick Start Guide um sorry Quick
Start Guide there with a little piece of
information always a little cleaning
cleanup cleaning cloth right there and
give it a bit of curls into so I'm going
to pull out the box and then I'll show
you what is in the box
okay I've unpacked everything a we're
going to quickly go through the things
we have so right here as I've said
manuals that's all basic stuff and we
have okay we have the standard UK power
plug don't you just focus in a bit it
seems as more focus anyway it's a bit
dark but there you go standard power
plug right there the boxing closer okay
here we have a little app power brick so
with the power off see the power plug
goes into very standard stuff that
captor port there we go
and all we have a little software disc
normal with monitors not really anything
I've ever need
oh and then we have a foreign to pin
plug obviously they can save on shipping
honestly because they contributed to
composite ek I've got a standard VGA
cable a bit hard to tell for the bit
packaging but I can tell as you can see
the blue there it is a standard VGA
cable and then this is where the it's
where the magic happens
throw away the box well it is very light
and very thin actually let's push this
and then standard tilts I'm not breaking
don't worry oh no I know together son
just help and there we go pull the
plastic off like so that's just the
camera as well that would help and there
we go there is the the TV in it sorry
the monitor here here's a bit like a TV
and which quickly go through the the
operation of it it's got all this
stickers obviously that plastic on it
which I'll pull off in a sec on the bank
it's got the Philips and then on the
ports on the bottom we have a VGA slot
and we have it is hard to see there is a
power there is a power slot there and
also on the left side located right here
there is a HDMI slot it's a bit hard to
see I do apologize but there is and
there's a power slot there that's
basically the back so VGA and HDMI is
your only connectivity if used is stuff
like DVI and then maybe that may put you
off a bit but it looks really cool
really thin I'm really pleased with it
so far but the real test comes - sorry
my thumb the real test has come - when
we plug it in so let's do so and I'll
come back - it's all set up
ok so here is the monitor setup I have
it set up on a computer and I thought as
you can see Balfour back on me - I'm not
good at the game by the way before any
of you stop commenting but I've just had
a little a little go let me see if I'm
going to make sure it's focused in
properly here there we go now the size
of screen actually suits me perfectly
I'm actually Joule monitoring so I think
I'm gaining or or so forth and the thing
I found is it straight away out stop
messing the settings I just weren't
happy it was too wide were whitewashed
and I still feel that there could be
more color in the screen I do feel it's
still a bit too
as I said whitewash it's hard to explain
in a way but it just white balance out
what weighs everything it's not a
colorful bright vibrant screen it's more
of a dull picture but considering I only
paid a hundred pound for I'm not really
disappointed I'm actually pretty happy
with it in a sense you know it's got the
slots that I need on it it's got
everything that I expected maybe you
know they obviously does I said the
color and stuff could be better as you
see I'm running a battlefield here on
max settings and I'm really not too
unhappy with this as you can see the
maps empty which I did on purpose of the
demonstration so they go guys um I hope
that's helped you in a way and I would
you know I still happy with the purchase
talk about you know it fits in really
well and it looks good you know the
screen is just a perfect size it's
really thin it's extremely light and
it's economical as there's little touch
buttons and you try to I can show you
let's bring the Cameron a lot closer
that are here at the bottom there are
touch pad buttons which you can simply
tap and I'll come on they go the light
up and then you've basically got your
volume up and down slash selection up
and down and then you also have at this
one's back and then you have your okay
such menu which brings up a little
pop-up menu and you do your editing
between switching between VGA and and
HDMI cetera et cetera that's why you do
any of that so it's good to click in
here anyway so thanks guys for watching
the review hopefully and the unboxing
and everything hopefully yeah you think
something from it and can decide whether
this monitor may be for you and thanks
for watching if you have any questions
don't forget you can pop them down in
the box below or difficut you can
subscribe to keep up to date I have a
few other unboxings too for a young
child go and check them out and
also I have a few other channels in
music e15 the game McGee 15 go and check
them out and I'm hoping to do a little
gameplay of battlefield on there as well
stay tuned thanks guys and I will see
you very soon